♪
♪ LOVE IS LIKE
CANDY ON A SHELF ♪
♪ YOU WANT TO TASTE
AND HELP YOURSELF ♪
♪ THE SWEETEST THINGS
ARE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ HELP YOURSELF,
TAKE A FEW ♪
♪ THAT'S WHAT I
WANT YOU TO DO ♪
♪ WE'RE ALWAYS
TOLD REPEATEDLY ♪
♪ THE VERY BEST
IN LIFE IS FREE. ♪
♪ AND IF YOU WANT
TO PROVE IT'S TRUE ♪
♪ BABY, I'M TELLING YOU THIS IS
WHAT YOU SHOULD DO ♪
♪ JUST HELP YOURSELF
TO MY LIPS, TO MY ARMS ♪
♪ JUST SAY THE WORD
AND THEY'RE YOURS ♪
♪ JUST HELP YOURSELF TO
THE LOVE IN MY HEART ♪
♪ YOUR SMILE HAS
OPENED UP THE DOOR ♪
♪ THE GREATEST WEALTH
THAT EXISTS IN THE WORLD ♪
♪ COULD NEVER BUY
WHAT I CAN GIVE... ♪
MANOR HOTEL,
PLEASE.
HAVE YOU GOT
YOUR CREDIT CARD?
I DON'T THINK I'LL
BE NEEDING IT.
♪ JUST HELP YOURSELF TO
MY LIPS, TO MY ARMS ♪
♪ JUST SAY THE WORD
AND THEY'RE YOURS ♪
♪ JUST HELP YOURSELF TO
THE LOVE IN MY HEART ♪
♪ YOUR SMILE HAS
OPENED UP THE DOOR ♪
♪ THE GREATEST WEALTH
THAT EXISTS IN THE WORLD ♪
♪ COULD NEVER BUY
WHAT I CAN GIVE ♪
♪ SO HELP YOURSELF TO
MY LIPS, TO MY ARMS ♪
♪ AND THEN LET'S
REALLY START TO LIVE ♪
♪ JUST HELP YOURSELF TO
MY LIPS, TO MY ARMS... ♪
THE GENTLEMAN SAID TO TELL
YOU "NO HARD FEELINGS".
THANK YOU. THANK
YOU VERY MUCH.
READY, BEATRICE?
BEATRICE?
YES.
FIVE, FOUR, THREE, TWO...
ROLL TITLES.
FROM DAWLISH TO DORCHESTER,
WARMINSTER TO WEYMOUTH,
WESSEX TONIGHT BRINGS YOU
ALL THE TOP NEWS STORIES
IN THE WESSEX REGION.
THREE, TWO, ONE...
CUE BEATRICE.
THAT WAS SCOTT THERE WITH A
LITTLE TASTE OF WHAT WE CAN
LOOK FORWARD TO AT THE
ANNUAL FESTIVAL OF CHEESES.
WELL, I KNOW WHERE I'LL BE
HEADING OFF THIS WEEKEND.
HOW ABOUT
YOU, BEATRICE?
TRY AND
STOP ME, KEITH.
SALIVATING AT
THE THOUGHT...
JUST STICK TO THE
SCRIPT PLEASE, KEITH.
AND CLAUDE, STOP
PLAYING WITH YOUR HAIR.
YOU LOOK LOVELY.
I'LL HAVE THE LATEST NETBALL
ACTION. SOME FALCONRY...
BEATRICE NEXT
ON CAMERA ONE.
BUT FIRST, LADYBIRD,
LADYBIRD, FLY AWAY HOME.
YOUR HOUSE IS ON FIRE,
YOUR CHILDREN ARE GONE.
BUT TRY TELLING THAT
TO THE LOCAL LADYBIRDS
AND THEY SIMPLY
WON'T BELIEVE YOU.
YES, THE REGION'S FARMERS ARE
UP IN ARMS ABOUT A PLAGUE...
KEITH'S VERY
FLUSHED TONIGHT.
DO SOMETHING
ABOUT KEITH'S FACE.
CAN I HAVE
SILENCE, PLEASE.
ERNIE PAGE IS OUR
REPORTER ON THE SPOT.
LATE ON THE VT
THERE, DON.
QUIET, PLEASE!
"LADYBIRDS"? "ON THE SPOT"?
GUYS, WHO WROTE THIS SCRIPT?
AND DON, THE
VT WAS LATE.
MY FAULT,
SORRY BEATRICE.
I LOVE LADYBIRDS,
HOW ABOUT YOU, BEA?
I HAVE NO STRONG
FEELINGS, KEITH.
TALKING ABOUT LADYBIRDS, WHAT
ARE YOU DOING AFTER THE SHOW?
WAS THAT A SEGUE, KEITH?
I DON'T UNDERSTAND IT.
I THOUGHT WE'D GO FOR A PINT
SOMEWHERE, JUST YOU AND ME.
I DON'T THINK SO.
I KNOW THIS LITTLE PLACE,
DOES A LOVELY MEAT PIE.
OH! WELL, IF IT
DOES MEAT PIE...
I THINK WE CAN SPEND SOME TIME
SOCIALIZING, JUST ME AND YOU.
HOWIS MRS. FLEMING
THESE DAYS?
OH, SHE COULDN'T
MANAGE A MEAT PIE.
NOT WITH HER
MEDICAL CONDITION.
WELL, I'M VERY SAD
TO HEAR THAT.
SHE'S WIFE IN NAME ONLY, I'M
AFRAID. SEPARATE BEDROOMS NOW.
YOU AMAZE ME.
I JUST DON'T LIKE THE THOUGHT OF
AN ATTRACTIVE, SENSUAL WOMAN
IN THE PRIME OF LIFE SITTING
ALONE NIGHT AFTER NIGHT.
WHO ARE WE TALKING
ABOUT HERE, KEITH?
I THINK WE KNOW WHO
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT.
NOW HERO WITH
THE WEATHER.
THE...
CAMERA TWO, DON?
CAMERA TWO, YEAH.
THANKS, BEATRICE.
WELL, IT'S BEEN A LOVELY
DAY ALL OVER THE REGION.
NOT QUITE BIKINI
WEATHER YET,
UNLESS YOU'RE
FEELING VERY BRAVE.
GOOD NIGHT.
THREE, TWO, ONE,
AND OFF THE AIR.
OKAY, THANKS VERY
MUCH, EVERYONE!
KEITH, A QUICK WORD.
IF YOU EVER TOUCH ANY PART OF MY
BODY WITH ANY PART OF YOUR BODY
EITHER ON AIR OR OFF, OR
EVEN IN YOUR IMAGINATION
THEN I SWEAR I'M GONNA...
IS THAT CLEAR?
NICE SHOW, BEATRICE.
THANK YOU.
KEITH, I KNOW YOU LIKE TO
KEEP THINGS FREE AND LOOSE,
BUT PLEASE STICK
TO THE SCRIPT.
OTHERWISE YOU TEND TO
TALK UTTER, UTTER RUBBISH.
HERO! YOU ALRIGHT?
FINE, FINE.
I JUST WANTED TO SAY,
UH... GREAT WEATHER.
THANK YOU, CLAUDE.
HERO, CAN I JUST, UM...
ASK YOU SOMETHING?
GO ON.
HOW COME YOU
JUST KNOW?
WHAT?
THE WEATHER, WHAT'S GONNA
HAPPEN. HOW CAN YOU TELL?
I JUST READ THE
METEOROLOGICAL REPORTS -
METEOROLOGICAL, I HAVE
PROBLEMS WITH THAT WORD.
METEOROLOGICAL.
PRECIPITATION,
NIMBUS, ANEMOMETER,
ALTO STRATIS CASTELANUS...
I TELL YOU IF I DON'T HAVE MY
FALSE TEETH IN PROPERLY...
YOU'VE GOT
FALSE TEETH?
NO. NO, I WAS
JUST JOKING.
OH, RIGHT. SORRY. I DON'T
ALWAYS SPOT THEM JOKES.
ME NEITHER.
BYE NOW.
HERO?
CLAUDE.
WILL YOU GO OUT WITH
ME FOR DRINKS?
WITH FOOD OR
WITHOUT, DEPENDING...
WHEN?
UM, SATURDAY?
80% CHANCE OF
SHOWERS SATURDAY.
SUNDAY THEN.
CLOUDY,
BRIGHTENING LATER.
TEMPERATURE-WISE WE'RE
LOOKING AT 23 TO 24 DEGREES.
SHOULD BE A
LOVELY DAY.
SO, ARE YOU
UP FOR IT?
I THOUGHT
YOU'D NEVER ASK.
NOW THIS - THIS IS EXACTLY
WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT, SEE?
YOU GOT LIQUIDS. YOU GOT
ELECTRICAL EQUIPMENT.
IT IS LITERALLY AN ACCIDENT
WAITING TO HAPPEN.
SMELL THAT!
AN ALCOHOLIC
BEVERAGE.
WELL, NOT ON MY
WATCH, VINCENT.
NOT ON MY WATCH.
MR. FLEMING?
I'M LOCKING UP NOW,
MR. FLEMING.
SO IF I COULD ASK YOU PLEASE
TO VACATE THE PREMISES.
WHAT?
WHAT? OH, YEAH.
THAT'S FINE, FINE.
MR. FLEMING?
EVERYTHING
ALRIGHT THERE?
UH... RIGHT.
LEONARD, IT'S
NOT MY FAULT.
I DIDN'T SAY IT WAS.
HOW'S HE
DOING, ANYWAY?
WELL, LET'S JUST SAY I WOULDN'T
BUY HIM ANY GREEN BANANAS.
IF I COULD JUST SEE
SOME I.D., PLEASE.
I'VE BEEN WORKING
HERE FOR 32 YEARS.
UH HUH, UH HUH.
SEEMS TO BE IN ORDER.
COULD I HAVE A WORD ABOUT SOME
HEALTH AND SAFETY ISSUES?
LATER, MR. BARRY, PLEASE.
KEITH'S GOING TO BE FINE,
HE JUST WON'T BE
COMING BACK TO
WORK ANY TIME SOON.
THAT'S WONDERFUL!
SORRY. I MEAN, THAT'S
VERY SAD. BUT IT DOES MEAN
I GET THE SHOW ALL TO
MYSELF, DOESN'T IT?
YES. UNTIL NEXT
WEEK, ANYWAY.
WHY? WHAT HAPPENS
NEXT WEEK?
YOU'RE GOING TO BE JOINED
BY.. BY SOMEONE.
SOMEONE...?
LISTEN, BEA, YOU'RE
NOT TO OVERREACT.
YOU HAVEN'T...
YOU WOULDN'T...
I'VE ALREADY OFFERED
HIM THE JOB.
HE'S ALREADY ACCEPTED.
HE STARTS NEXT MONDAY.
RIGHT, WELL, I SUGGEST
YOU START LOOKING
FOR A NEW FEMALE
PRESENTER.
THE ONE MAN IN THE
WORLD YOU KNOW I HATE!
HATE IS AN AWFULLY
STRONG WORD.
ALRIGHT, THEN. DESPISE,
ABHOR, LOATHE.
BUT THINK OF
THE SHOW, BEA.
IT'S A DOG-EAT-DOG WORLD NOW,
LOCAL REGIONAL NEWS.
IT'S NOT ENOUGH TO STICK
YOU ON A STOOL WITH A LAPTOP.
WE NEED THAT
FRISSON.
THERE IS
NO FRISSON!
YOU HAVE TO ADMIT YOU
WERE A GREAT TEAM, BEA.
AND THE HOUSEWIVES
ALL STILL LOVE HIM.
WE CALL THEM
WOMEN NOW, LEONARD.
WOMEN ALL LOVE HIM.
NOT ALL WOMEN, LEONARD.
NOT ALL WOMEN.
CAN'T WE JUST...
I DON'T KNOW...
BUY A NICE NEW SOFA
OR SOMETHING?
ALRIGHT, I'LL
THINK ABOUT IT.
THANKS, BEA.
IF IT'S ANY CONSOLATION I'M
BRINGING PETER BACK TO DIRECT.
THAT'S SOMETHING,
I SUPPOSE.
WHAT ABOUT DON?
YES, WELL, WE'RE
LETTING DON GO.
YOU'RE SACKING DON?
LEONARD, HIS WIFE
HAS JUST LEFT HIM.
I WON'T SACK HIM.
JUST OFFER HIM AN INFERIOR
JOB AND HOPE HE RESIGNS.
STICK HIM ON GRAPHICS
OR SOMETHING.
NO ONE LIKES HIM. HE'S
CONSTANTLY FOULING UP.
MR. BARRY KEEPS FINDING WATER
BOTTLES THAT DON'T CONTAIN WATER
AND I DON'T LIKE THE WAY
HE LOOKS AT MY DAUGHTER.
ALL THE MEN LOOK
AT HERO LIKE THAT.
THAT'S WHY YOU
EMPLOYED HER.
WELL, I DON'T LIKE HIM.
FIVE MINUTES WITH THE MAN
AND I GET HEARTBURN.
YOU WANTED TO
SEE ME, LEONARD?
AH, YES, DON.
...NIGHT OWLS, AND
WELCOME TO ATTIC ANTIQUES
WHERE WE EXAMINE
THE LOST TREASURES
YOU MAY HAVE LURKING
IN YOUR LOFT AT HOME.
IN TONIGHT'S SHOW:
TOBY JUGS.
NOW, EVERYONE
LOVES A TOBY JUG.
BUT WHAT'S IT
REALLY WORTH?
HERE IN MIDDLE WALLOP,
A TOBY JUG CAN...
♪ I FEEL GOOD ♪
♪ I KNEW THAT I WOULD ♪
♪ I KNEW THAT
I WOULD NOW ♪
♪ SO GOOD, SO GOOD,
I GOT YOU ♪
♪ I FEEL NICE ♪
♪ LIKE SUGAR AND SPICE ♪
IT'S PITCH BLACK, PASSPORTS
HAVE BEEN STOLEN,
THE TRANSLATOR'S RUN OFF
WITH THE SOUND EQUIPMENT...
YOU MAY AS WELL STOP
TALKING, BENEDICK,
NOBODY'S
LISTENING TO YOU.
BEATRICE! YOU'RE
STILL HERE!
SO IT WOULD SEEM.
I LIKE THIS, BY THE WAY.
NOT MANY MEN YOUR AGE
CAN GET AWAY WITH THAT.
THE PIRATE LOOK -
ARR! VERY STRIKING.
SORRY. I INTERRUPTED,
DIDN'T I? GO ON.
SO, THE TRANSLATOR'S RUN OFF
WITH THE SOUND EQUIPMENT
AND THE COMBAT IS
GETTING PRETTY INTENSE...
I CAUGHT THAT LATE NIGHT
ANTIQUES THING, BY THE WAY.
LATE NIGHT OR VERY EARLY
MORNING. IS THAT A PRE-RECORD
OR DO YOU ACTUALLY HAVE
TO STAY UP UNTIL 4:00 AM?
IT'S A PRE-RECORD. YOU'D BE
SURPRISED HOW POPULAR IT IS
WITH MIDDLE-AGED
WOMEN LIVING ALONE.
OKAY, IF I COULD JUST HAVE
YOUR ATTENTION, PLEASE.
DON'T TELL ME
YOU'RE AT IT ALREADY.
SHUT UP!
NOW I'D JUST LIKE TO TAKE
A MOMENT TO WELCOME
SOME OLD FRIENDS
BACK TO THE FOLD.
I BELIEVE MOST OF
YOU KNOW BENEDICK...
AND OUR NEW
DIRECTOR, PETER.
WE'RE VERY EXCITED TO HAVE
THEM BACK, AND TO SHOW
JUST HOW PLEASED I'D LIKE
TO HAND OVER TO HERO...
UH, HERO?
OH, SORRY.
WE'VE DECIDED WE'RE
GOING TO HAVE A PARTY
SUNDAY NIGHT, DAD'S HOUSE
TO WELCOME THE NEW TEAM.
AND TO MAKE IT
EXTRA, EXTRA SPECIAL
IT'S GOING TO
BE FANCY DRESS.
YES! I LOVE
FANCY DRESS!
DON! CAN I HAVE
A QUICK WORD?
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING FOR LUNCH?
I'M REALLY GLAD YOU
DECIDED TO STAY ON, DON.
I KNOW BEING PUT ON GRAPHICS
WAS LIKE A DEMOTION, BUT.
WELL, IT'S A
DEMOTION, SO...
DON, IT'S GOT TO STOP.
WHAT HAS?
THE LETTERS, THE PHONE
CALLS, THE FLOWERS.
I CAN BUY SOMEONE
FLOWERS, CAN'T I?
NOT ANYMORE, NO.
I'M VERY GRATEFUL, BUT...
WELL, I'M WITH CLAUDE NOW
AND I LIKE HIM VERY MUCH.
BUT I'VE NEVER FELT LIKE THIS
ABOUT SOMEONE BEFORE.
NOT EVEN MY WIFE.
HERO...?
YOU'RE ASHAMED OF ME.
THAT'S IT, ISN'T IT?
THAT'S WHY WE'RE WAY OUT HERE
SO NO ONE ELSE CAN SEE US.
I SEE YOU OUTSIDE
THE HOUSE, DON.
SITTING IN YOUR CAR IN
THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT.
IT'S NOT FAIR. I DON'T
LIKE IT, IT SCARES ME.
I'M SORRY.
YOU CAN'T FORCE SOMEONE
TO LOVE YOU, DON.
YOU CAN'T FORCE
THEM NOT TO EITHER.
BUT YOU WILL FIND
SOMEBODY ELSE.
I KNOW YOU WILL,
YOU'RE A LOVELY MAN.
AM I?
OF COURSE YOU ARE.
THAT NIGHT WE
SPENT TOGETHER...
IT WASN'T BECAUSE YOU
FELT SORRY FOR ME?
OF COURSE NOT.
YOU WERE JUST
LONELY, THAT'S ALL.
YOU'LL FIND SOMEONE
ELSE, LIKE I FOUND CLAUDE,
AND YOU'LL FALL
IN LOVE AGAIN,
AND THEN WE CAN GO BACK
TO BEING GOOD FRIENDS.
I NEED THIS TO BE
OUR SECRET, OKAY?
YEAH.
WELL, WHAT A LOT OF WEATHER
WE'VE BEEN HAVING RECENTLY.
LOOK AT HER.
THE WAY SHE BRINGS THE SUN IN
WITH THE WAVE OF HER HAND.
IT'S ALMOST LIKE SHE'S
MAKING IT HAPPEN FOR REAL,
DO YOU KNOW
WHAT I MEAN?
YOU'RE NOT GOING TO DO
ANYTHING STUPID, ARE YOU?
LIKE WHAT?
THE "M" WORD.
NO, 'COURSE NOT.
BUT IT WOULDN'T BE SUCH
A BAD IDEA, WOULD IT?
IF YOU SAY SO.
YOU DON'T THINK
SHE'S GORGEOUS?
SHE'S VERY
NICE, CLAUDE.
I JUST PREFER SOMETHING
A LITTLE LESS... OBVIOUS.
LIKE WHAT?
I MEAN, WHO?
I DON'T KNOW.
HER, I SUPPOSE.
BEATRICE?
IT'S A PURELY
OBJECTIVE STATEMENT.
LIKE COMPARING A
LOTUS TO A PORSCHE.
BIT SEXIST COMPARING
A WOMAN TO A CAR?
DEPENDS ON THE CAR.
SHE'S A VERY ATTRACTIVE
WOMAN, BEATRICE.
OR AT LEAST SHE WOULD
BE IF SHE WASN'T SUCH A
SMALL, CARNIVOROUS
DINOSAUR.
QUICK, SHARP, VICIOUS
LITTLE TEETH.
VELOCIRAPTOR.
EXACTLY,
WE WERE JUST TALKING ABOUT
A BIG NEW FOSSIL FIND, BEA.
IT'S VERY EXCITING.
DON'T CALL ME
BEA, PLEASE.
THOUGHT YOU'D BE GENTLE
WITH ME TONIGHT.
YOU'RE NOT SCARED,
ARE YOU?
WELL, YOU DID NEARLY KILL
YOUR LAST CO-PRESENTER.
THAT WAS JUSTIFIABLE
HOMICIDE.
DID YOU MISS ME?
YOU WERE ALL I
THOUGHT ABOUT.
AM I TUGGING
IT TOO HARD?
TUG HARDER IF
YOU WANT TO.
OH, DEAR.
NEED ANYTHING,
BEATRICE?
A SHORT LENGTH
OF LEAD PIPE.
ONE MINUTE THEN,
EVERYONE!
CAN I SPEAK HONESTLY?
I DON'T KNOW.
CAN YOU?
BECAUSE CLEARLY YOU'RE
STILL UPSET ABOUT "US".
US? OH, GOD.
ABOUT THE WAY
IT ENDED.
NOTHING HAD STARTED, BEN,
SO HOW COULD IT END?
YOU KNOW, I FEEL BAD ABOUT
TELLING YOU BY TEXT.
THIS WOULD BE FUNNY IF
IT WASN'T SO PATHETIC.
AND I'M SORRY, REALLY I AM, BUT
WE CAN'T GO ON LIKE THIS, BEA.
DON'T CALL ME BEA!
EVERYTHING HAPPY
IN THERE?
FINE.
PERFECT.
GOOD LUCK, AND
WE'RE ON IN 30.
YOU'VE GOT SOMETHING
IN YOUR TEETH.
SURE I DO.
SPINACH, RIGHT?
NO, JUST A STRINGY
BIT RIGHT THERE.
I'LL LIVE WITH
IT, THANK YOU.
OKAY, YOUR DECISION.
YOU KNOW, IT REALLY IS THE
OLDEST TRICK IN THE BOOK.
I WAS TRYING TO HELP, BEN,
BUT IF YOU DON'T BELIEVE ME.
EIGHT, SEVEN...
WHY DON'T YOU ASK
THE GUYS THEN?
OKAY, I WILL.
GO ON, THEN.
GUYS, HAVE I GOT
SOMETHING IN MY TEETH?
CUE BENEDICK.
AND I'M
BEATRICE EVANS.
WELCOME TO
WESSEX TONIGHT.
MAYBE THIS WASN'T SUCH
A GOOD IDEA AFTERALL.
GREAT, ISN'T IT?
I'VE BEEN WEARING IT
AROUND THE FLAT ALL DAY.
IT MAKES ME FEEL
POWERFUL, YOU KNOW?
WHAT AM I WEARING?
OH!
TWO FOR THE
PRICE OF ONE!
LET'S THROW THIS OLD
STUFF OUT NOW, DAD.
I'LL HELP YOU
IF YOU WANT.
I LIKE IT THE
WAY IT IS.
BESIDES, YOU NEVER KNOW WHEN
YOU MIGHT NEED YOUR ROOM BACK.
HARDLY LIKELY, IS IT?
HOW DO I LOOK?
JUST LIKE YOUR MOTHER.
OH, I'M SUPPOSED TO
BE MARILYN MONROE.
I MEAN, YOU
LOOK BEAUTIFUL.
I'M SORRY I'M
MAKING YOU SAD.
(DOORBELL)
TA-DAA!
DON!
YOU LOOK AMAZING.
♪
ISN'T THAT JUST
YOUR UNIFORM?
DANGER NEVER SLEEPS,
MR. ARMITAGE.
89% OF ACCIDENTS
HAPPEN IN THE HOME.
YOU JUST MADE THAT
STATISTIC UP, DIDN'T YOU?
DO YOU MIND
USING A COASTER?
LEAVES A RING
OTHERWISE.
THIS IS MY HOUSE.
BEA!
HELLO YOU.
YOUR MAJESTY!
WHAT'S SHE COME
DRESSED AS?
A MAN BY THE
LOOKS OF IT.
MY GOD, LOOK
AT THIS PLACE.
SAME OLD FACES.
TONIGHT WE'RE GONNA
PARTY LIKE IT'S 1939.
WHY IS THERE NEVER A TIN
OPENER WHEN YOU NEED ONE?
WHO IS THAT? THAT'S
NOT MARGARET, IS IT?
HI.
HAVEN'T YOU GOT SHEEP
TO LOOK FOR?
THAT'S BO PEEP, I'M
LITTLE MISS MUFFET.
WHAT HAVE YOU
COME AS?
OH, JUST SOME
VAGUELY SEXY CAT.
THERE'S NO REAL
LOGIC TO IT.
SEE, MISS MUFFET'S
COMPLETELY DIFFERENT.
I'VE GOT A SPIDER.
JUST SOME OLD LEOTARD
I FOUND TANGLED UP
IN MY LINGERIE
DRAWER.
AND WHAT'S SO SEXY ABOUT
THIS PARTICULAR CAT?
YOU TELL ME.
I DO HAVE A
TUFFET, ACTUALLY.
I PUT IT, UM...
IF YOU WOULD...
I HUMBLY ASK YOU
TO CONSIDER...
I'D BE OVER THE
MOON IF YOU'D...
DON!
HAVING FUN?
OH, YOU KNOW ME.
CRYING ON THE INSIDE.
SO, BOSS'S DAUGHTER,
EH? SMART MOVE.
WHAT'S THAT
SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
NOTHING! JUST SHE'S A VERY
BEAUTIFUL GIRL, THAT'S ALL.
VERY POPULAR.
EVERYONE
LOVES YOUR HERO.
YOUR HERO, MY HERO,
EVERYONE'S HERO.
I'M GOING TO GET A REFILL,
DO YOU WANT ANYTHING?
WHAT? NO, I'M
ALRIGHT, THANK YOU.
AND YOUR RELATIONSHIP
WITH THE CAMERA IS, UM,
WELL, IT'S LIKE
YOU OWN IT.
YOU'RE SO MUCH MORE
THAN JUST THE WEATHER GIRL.
WELL, I PREFER TO THINK OF
MYSELF AS A BROADCASTER.
YOU'RE MORE
THAN THAT.
YOU'RE A
COMMUNICATOR.
THANK YOU, BEN.
MARGARET'S
LOOKING FOR YOU.
WHERE?
UPSTAIRS IN
YOUR OLD ROOM.
OKAY, SEE YOU LATER.
JUST GIVE IT
A REST, EH?
WHAT, WHAT HAVE I DONE?
WOULD YOU EXCUSE ME?
CLAUDE, WHAT...?
CLAUDE?
CLAUDE!
IT IS CLAUDE, ISN'T IT?
COME TALK TO ME.
WHERE'S YOUR
SIDEKICK, CLAUDE?
SIDEKICK?
PROBABLY WORKING HIS WAY
THROUGH THE BUFFET,
SEEING HOW MANY CHICKEN
FRIES HE CAN FIT IN HIS MOUTH.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WELL, THEY SAY THE CAMERA
ADDS EIGHT POUNDS
BUT HE'S NOT ON
CAMERA NOW, IS HE?
MAYBE HE'S...
SORRY, I CAN'T HEAR
YOU, CLAUDE.
WHY DON'T YOU TAKE
YOUR HELMET OFF?
BENEDICK STILL SEEMS VERY
POPULAR WITH THE LADIES.
WELL, THAT'S WHAT HE LIKES
YOU TO BELIEVE, YEAH.
BUT THAT BEARD...
IT'S LIKE HE'S GOT FOOD
SMEARED AROUND HIS MOUTH.
IT'S JUST AS WELL YOU NEVER
HAVE TO KISS HIM THEN.
AND FOR THAT I THANK
GOD EVERY DAY.
WHAT WOULD YOU
DO IF I...
YOU'RE MUMBLING
AGAIN, CLAUDE.
I SAID I'LL TELL BENEDICK
WHAT YOU SAID.
FINE, TELL HIM!
HE'LL JUST TRY AND COME BACK
WITH SOME SMARTASS REMARK
AND IT WON'T BE
FUNNY OR MAKE SENSE
AND NOBODY'LL BE
LISTENING TO HIM ANYWAY.
EXCUSE ME A
MINUTE, WOULD YOU?
CLAUDE?
WHAT? IS IT
SOMETHING I'VE SAID?
CLAUDE?
I'M TELLING YOU NOW SO YOU
HAVE PLENTY OF WARNING.
LEONARD'S HIRED A
KARAOKE MACHINE.
SHE IS SATAN!
SHE LOOKS NORMAL BUT
SHE'S SATAN IN HUMAN FORM!
WHAT IS IT NOW?
IT'S LIKE HE'S TRYING TO
SEND ME SOME SORT OF SIGNAL,
YOU KNOW, TEARS
OF A CLOWN AND ALL.
I HATE CLOWNS.
AS IF HE WEREN'T CREEPY
ENOUGH AS IT IS.
I DON'T KNOW HOW
YOU MANAGED IT.
THE HOT BREATH, THAT SWEATY
FACE BARRELING DOWN AT YOU.
HEY, DON'S ALRIGHT.
TALKING AND CRYING ABOUT
HOW LONELY HE WAS.
I JUST FELT
SORRY FOR HIM.
DOES HE KNOW THAT,
DO YOU THINK?
THAT YOU SLEPT WITH
HIM OUT OF PITY?
BECAUSE MEN LOVE
THAT - PITY SEX.
I'D JUST LIKE TO FORGET
ABOUT IT, PLEASE.
FIVE FOOT EIGHT, AND
I'M FIVE FOOT FOUR.
THAT MUCH MORE AND I'D
HAVE BEEN OUT THERE NOW
ON A STAKEOUT
OR SOMETHING.
IT'S BIGOTRY,
THAT'S WHAT IT IS.
THERE'S NO PROVEN
CONNECTION BETWEEN HEIGHT
AND THE ABILITY
TO FIGHT CRIME.
POIROT'S NOT
A BIG MAN.
MORSE IS STALKY,
NOT TALL.
COLUMBO, TINY.
ABSOLUTELY TINY.
OH, GOD. HERE
SHE COMES.
THE VIRGIN QUEEN.
QUICK, GIVE ME
SOMETHING TO DO.
DO YOU WANT
A REFILL?
HOW ABOUT AN
ASHTRAY?
I DON'T SMOKE.
GENTLEMEN.
HELLO.
PETE, DO YOU
WANT TO HAVE A...
SO... NICE RUFF.
THANK YOU.
HOW ABOUT A
DANCE THEN, EH?
BIT OF
CARDIOVASCULAR.
NO, I DON'T
THINK SO.
I'M TRYING TO BE
FRIENDLY HERE, BENEDICK.
THIS IS IT. ME
BEING FRIENDLY.
I'D MAKE THE MOST
OF IT IF I WERE YOU.
♪ THE LOOK OF LOVE
IS IN YOUR EYES ♪
ARE YOU ENJOYING
YOURSELF?
HAVEN'T HAD THIS MUCH FUN
SINCE "CHILDREN IN NEED".
WE SHOULD PROBABLY
KNOCK IT ON THE HEAD.
NO, LET'S STICK IT OUT
TIL THE BITTER END.
TOUCHING, ISN'T IT?
A MARRIAGE OF
TRUE MINDS.
THAT MISTY, FAR-AWAY
LOOK IN THEIR EYES.
LIKE CONJUNCTIVITIS.
OH, CLAUDE.
OH, HERO.
SAY TO ME THOSE
THREE LITTLE WORDS.
ME. LOVE. YOU.
BLAH BLAH BLAH.
BLAH BLAH
BLAH BLAH.
OH, GOD, HERE WE GO.
AT LEAST WHEN THEY'RE KISSING
THEY'RE NOT TALKING.
THEY'RE TRYING, THOUGH.
I CAN'T THINK OF
ANYTHING WORSE
THAN TO HAVE SOMEONE
SAY THEY LOVE ME.
ME TOO.
THAT'S SOMETHING WE'VE
GOT IN COMMON THEN.
NOT MUCH, IS IT?
NO, NOT MUCH.
OH, GOD. IS THIS
WHAT I THINK IT IS?
HERE WE GO.
♪ LET'S TAKE OUR
LOVER'S VOW
AND THEN SEAL IT
WITH A KISS ♪
♪ I CAN HARDLY
WAIT TO HOLD YOU,
FEEL MY ARMS
AROUND YOU ♪
♪ HOW LONG I HAVE WAITED,
WAITED JUST TO LOVE YOU ♪
♪ NOW THAT I HAVE
FOUND YOU... ♪
EARLIER ON THIS EVENING I ASKED
HERO IF SHE WOULD MARRY ME.
AND I'M DELIGHTED TO SAY THAT
SHE'S AGREED TO BE MY WIFE.
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
YOU, UH, MIGHT WANT TO GIVE
IT A COUPLE OF MINUTES.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
CONGRATULATIONS.
DO YOU APPROVE?
OF COURSE I APPROVE!
WELL DONE, YOU.
DIDN'T SEE THAT
COMING, DID YOU?
NOBODY TELLS
ME ANYTHING.
JUNIOR HOCKEY TEAM
FACES RELEGATION?
LOCAL STEEL
BAND TRIUMPHS.
NO.
ANOTHER FISHING
BOAT HAS VANISHED
IN THE WEYMOUTH
TRIANGLE.
COMPLETELY
VANISHED?
NO, THEY
FOUND IT AGAIN.
WHAT ABOUT THE, UH...
THERE'S A TWO-HEADED FROG
FOUND IN LANGTON MATRAVERS.
THAT'S GROSS.
FORGET IT, THE OTHER SIDE WILL
HAVE EXCLUSIVE RIGHTS.
I LOVE THESE BIG NEWS
DAYS, DON'T YOU?
IT'S LIKE ALL THE
PRESIDENT'S MEN.
THERE'S A TERRIBLE
FOG THIS MORNING.
THAT'S NOT QUITE THE KILLER
STORY WE'RE LOOKING FOR.
I'M SORRY, BUT I STILL
DON'T KNOW WHAT WAS WRONG
WITH MY STORY.
WHAT WAS IT AGAIN?
THEY ARE CLOSING DOWN THE
LADYMEAD NURSING HOME.
THE RESIDENTS ARE ALL IN THEIR
80'S OR 90'S, A COUPLE OF THEM
ARE OVER 100 AND THEY'RE
JUST GOING TO DUMP THEM
IN HOSPITAL WARDS. THEY'RE
NOT ILL, THEY'RE ELDERLY.
THE WHOLE THING STINKS.
THE NURSING
HOME STINKS?
I DON'T KNOW, ISN'T
IT A BIT WORTHY?
IT'S EXACTLY THE KIND OF STORY
THAT'S RELEVANT TO OUR VIEWERS.
LOOK AT THIS: WINNER
OF THIS YEAR'S
MISS EAST DORSET
BEAUTY CONTEST.
HERE.
"LOCAL FARMER CLIVE DOBBS
AND LAST YEAR'S WINNER,
HIS LOVELY
DAUGHTER, ROSIE."
ROSIE'S THE ONE WITH THE
PINT AND THE LAZY EYE.
WHEN WAS IT DECIDED WE HAD
A NIGHTLY MISOGYNIST SLOT?
MISOGYNIST?
LOOK IT UP, BEN. IT MEANS
SOMEBODY WHO HATES
OR FEARS WOMEN.
I DON'T HATE WOMEN;
I LOVE WOMEN.
OH, SAVE ME FROM MEN WHO
SAY THEY LOVE WOMEN.
THEY ARE THE WORST.
HEAR HEAR.
IT WAS JUST A BIT
OF FUN, BEA.
FINE, HAVE YOUR FUN.
PUT IT ON THE SHOW.
JUST DON'T EXPECT ME TO
PRESENT IT, THAT'S ALL.
I'M SORRY THINGS DOWN
HERE AREN'T PROVING
QUITE AS INTENSE
AS YOU'RE USED TO.
I'M SORRY THERE'S BEEN
NO BLOODY CIVIL WAR
OR NO GREAT HERD OF
DINOSAURS MARAUDING DOWN
THE NEWTON-ABBOT BYPASS BUT
I HAPPEN TO LOVE THIS JOB
AND THE PEOPLE AND I HAPPEN
TO THINK IT'S IMPORTANT
AND WORTHWHILE AND DESERVING
OF SOME BASIC RESPECT
AND IF YOU DON'T AGREE YOU'D
BETTER PACK UP YOUR SHINY SUITS
AND YOUR PLASTIC BAG AND
SOD OFF BACK TO LONDON.
DO YOU EVER LISTEN TO
WHAT OTHER PEOPLE SAY?
IF SOMEONE'S
WORTH LISTENING TO.
HOW DO YOU
KNOW I'M NOT?
PAST EXPERIENCE.
WELL, IT MUST GET
PRETTY LONELY UP THERE
ON THE MORAL
HIGH GROUND.
NO, IT'S WONDERFUL. WHAT'S IT
LIKE DOWN THERE IN THE GUTTER?
YOU SNOB.
YOU APE.
PRIG.
CLOWN.
COME ON, BEN, THINK.
FASTER, FASTER.
YOU SOUR, COLD-HEARTED,
JOYLESS BITCH!
RIGHT, OKAY. THIS IS
HOW IT'S GOING TO GO.
WE TURN UP, WE DO THE SHOW, WE
GO HOME AND THAT'S IT, AGREED?
FINE BY ME.
WE FOUND THE MOST
BEAUTIFUL VENUE
AND THE MENUS
WERE FINALIZED.
OH, PLEASE LET
IT BE SALMON.
IT IS SALMON!
YAY.
AND THERE'S
SOMETHING ELSE.
CLAUDE AND I HAVE TALKED,
AND WE WOULD LOVE IT
IF YOU COULD BE OUR
CHIEF BRIDESMAID.
I KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE THINKING.
YOU'RE THINKING YOU'RE WAY
TOO OLD TO BE A BRIDESMAID.
YUP, THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I'M THINKING.
SO YOU COULD BE WHATEVER AN
OLDER BRIDESMAID IS CALLED.
THE MAID OF HONOR -
IS THAT IT?
OR MATRON.
WHAT IS IT?
OH, YOU ARE PLEASED,
AREN'T YOU?
IT IS A DREAM
FULFILLED.
BUT IF YOU THROW
THE BOUQUET AT ME
I WILL THROW
A BOTTLE BACK.
POINT TAKEN.
WHO'S BEST MAN,
BY THE WAY?
WILL I HAVE TO
MAKE A SPEECH?
FINE, IT'S
YOUR FUNERAL.
I PREFER TO THINK OF IT MORE AS
A DAY OF JOY AND CELEBRATION.
I KNOW, I KNOW.
SORRY, MATE.
I'D LOVE TO DO IT,
OF COURSE I WOULD.
THANKS, MATE.
ONE MINUTE, EVERYONE!
BAD HAIR DAY?
BAD FACE DAY?
EVERYBODY HAPPY HERE?
FINE.
WANT ME TO
DO YOU NOW?
I'D LOVE THAT.
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF
THIS ONE? IS IT A BIT MUCH?
MAYBE SOMETHING
A LITTLE PLAINER?
A NOOSE PERHAPS.
OKAY, STAND BY STUDIO.
SOMETIMES I THINK YOU'RE A
LITTLE JEALOUS OF THAT ONE.
YOU REALLY DO PUT THE "W"
INTO ANCHORMAN, DON'T YOU?
GOOD EVENING.
I DON'T GET PAID ENOUGH
FOR THIS, LEONARD.
THERE MUST BE SOMETHING
YOU CAN DO, PETE.
WHY ARE YOU
ASKING ME?
YOU'RE THE
DIRECTOR!
VT IN THREE,
TWO, ONE.
AND ROLL VT.
OKAY, I'LL
THINK OF SOMETHING.
THIS IS THE 6:00 NEWS FROM THE
BBC WITH BENEDICK TAYLOR.
HELLO, AND WELCOME
TO NEWSNIGHT.
I'M BENEDICK TAYLOR.
LEONARD: YOU KNOW, IN
MANY WAYS I BLAME MYSELF.
I SHOULDN'T HAVE
INVITED HIM BACK
KNOWING HOW SHE
FEELS ABOUT HIM.
NOT SO, DAD.
NO, IT'S MY FAULT
FOR MEDDLING.
I THOUGHT PERHAPS IF I
PUT THEM BACK TOGETHER
HE'D FINALLY SEE WHAT
A FAT-HEAD HE'S BEEN.
BUT NOW THE WHOLE FUTURE
OF THE SHOW'S IN JEOPARDY.
AUDIO OUT.
HE'S COMING!
ALRIGHT, POSITIONS
EVERYONE.
(LAUGHING)
HERO: ...SAME AS SHE
SAID TO YOU -
THAT SHE LOVES HIM
MORE THAN LIFE ITSELF.
HOW STRANGE, OUTWARDLY SHE
APPEARS TO DISLIKE HIM SO MUCH.
HE'S ALL SHE
TALKS ABOUT.
I SEE, SO HER APPARENT
HOSTILITY IS JUST A PERSONA
SHE ASSUMES TO HIDE
THE ROMANTIC NATURE
OF HER TRUE FEELINGS
TOWARDS BENEDICK?
SO, WHY HASN'T
SHE SAID SOMETHING?
WHAT'S THE POINT? YOU
KNOW WHAT A CLOWN HE IS.
HE'LL JUST LAUGH AT HER AND BANG
ON ABOUT HOW HE NEEDS HIS SPACE.
I LOVE BEN BUT AT THE END OF THE
DAY HE'S JUST NOT THAT BRIGHT.
WELL, I THINK HE'S MAD
NOT TO SEE SHE'S SMART,
SHE'S FUNNY, SHE'S
INCREDIBLY INTELLIGENT -
ABOUT EVERYTHING
EXCEPT LOVING BENEDICK.
SHE'S VERY SEXUALLY
ATTRACTIVE.
CLAUDE?
NO, IT'S TRUE.
SHE'S A BEAUTY.
I TELL YOU, IF I WAS
FIVE YEARS YOUNGER...
(LAUGHTER)
WHAT WAS THAT? IS THERE
SOMEONE OUT THERE?
NO, THERE CAN'T BE.
SO WHAT ARE
WE GONNA DO?
WELL, WE'VE GOT TO DO
SOMETHING. I MEAN,
SHE'S DRINKING ALL THE TIME
AND ALL I EVER HEAR IS
"WHAT AM I GOING TO DO?
I LOVE HIM SO MUCH!"
I HEAR SHE'S THINKING
ABOUT LEAVING THE SHOW.
NO, SHE CAN'T DO THAT!
THE RATINGS ARE UP.
THE VIEWERS LOVE THEM.
BUT SHE'S VERY, VERY
UNHAPPY, LEONARD.
I WOULDN'T BE
SURPRISED IF SHE HAD...
NO, IT DOESN'T
MATTER.
NO, GO ON.
IF SHE HAD BEEN THINKING ABOUT
DOING SOMETHING STUPID.
THAT'S IT, I'M GONNA
HAVE TO TELL HIM.
NO, YOU MUSTN'T.
SHE'D RATHER DIE THAN SHOW
HOW SHE REALLY FEELS.
THEN WHAT DO I DO?
JUST WAIT AND HOPE THAT
HE COMES TO HIS SENSES.
SHE LOVES ME.
NOW COME TO THINK ABOUT IT,
IT DOES MAKE A KIND OF SENSE.
THE HOSTILITY
AND EVERYTHING...
THAT'S WHY WE CAN
NEVER BE FRIENDS.
IT'S JUST TOO
PAINFUL FOR HER.
WELL, I SUPPOSE I'LL JUST
HAVE TO LOVE HER BACK.
THERE'LL BE SOME FUN AT MY
EXPENSE, OF COURSE, BUT
A PERSON'S ALLOWED TO CHANGE
HIS MIND AS HE MATURES.
LOVE'S JUST ONE OF THOSE
THINGS A MAN GROWS INTO -
LIKE JAZZ AND OLIVES.
I'M NOT GONNA LET A
FEW SARCASTIC REMARKS
CHANGE THE
WAY I FEEL.
AFTER ALL, THE WORLD
MUST BE PEOPLED.
WHEN I SAID I'D
DIE A BACHELOR
I DIDN'T REALIZE
IT'D TAKE THIS LONG.
AND THERE'S NO
DENYING THE FACT
THAT SHE'S A VERY
ATTRACTIVE WOMAN.
TALENTED, FUNNY, KIND
- WELL, SHE'S NOT KIND
BUT SHE'S SO SMART,
SO INTELLIGENT.
ABOUT EVERYTHING
EXCEPT LOVING ME.
COULD I SEE SOME
IDENTIFICATION, PLEASE?
I DON'T SUPPOSE YOU'VE GOT A
BICYCLE PUMP I COULD BORROW?
THE TRICK IS NOT TO
CHANGE MY BEHAVIOR,
NOT TO APPEAR
ARROGANT OR PROUD
ABOUT THE FACT THAT
SHE'S OBSESSED WITH ME.
THE TRICK IS TO BE
VERY, VERY COOL
AND SUAVE ABOUT
THE WHOLE THING.
(KNOCK AT
THE DOOR)
WHO IS IT?
BEA: IT'S ME.
UM, JUST MAKING
MYSELF DECENT.
CAN I WAIT THAT LONG?
"CAN I WAIT
THAT LONG?"
YOU'RE INCREDIBLE.
REALLY YOU ARE.
LEONARD SAYS DUE
TO HERO'S HEN PARTY
THE DEBRIEF'S
BEEN CANCELED.
BEATRICE, THANK
YOU SO MUCH.
FOR WHAT EXACTLY?
YOU KNOW, MAKING
THE EFFORT.
IF IT HAD BEEN ANY EFFORT
I WOULDN'T HAVE BOTHERED.
WELL, STILL. THANK YOU
VERY MUCH ALL THE SAME.
ARE YOU FEELING
ALRIGHT?
OF COURSE, WHY?
YOU'RE SWEATING -
MORE THAN USUAL.
THAT SMELL...
JUST AFTERSHAVE.
SMELLS LIKE
A PHOTO LAB.
WHAT DO YOU DO
IN THERE ANYWAY?
IT'S NOT A
WOMAN, IS IT?
COME OUT, SWEETHEART.
DON'T BE ASHAMED.
WHAT WOULD I BE DOING
WITH ANOTHER WOMAN?
BENEDICK, I DON'T CARE.
YOU CAN DO WHAT YOU LIKE.
OH, RIGHT. I SEE.
WHAT'S THAT LOOK
SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
WHAT LOOK?
THAT LOOK.
OH, NOTHING.
NOTHING AT ALL.
ARE YOU
SMOKING CRACK?
NO, YOU KNOW,
JUST HIGH ON... LIFE.
OH, MY GOD. I AM HORRIBLY
IN LOVE WITH HER.
(KNOCKING)
YOU DO KNOW THERE'S
A LARGE BLUE BALL
HIDDEN IN YOUR
WARDROBE, DON'T YOU?
I'M DECENT NOW.
I THINK I'LL BE THE
JUDGE OF THAT.
ONE MINUTE, PLEASE.
CAN I DO YOU
NOW, SIR?
NO, THANK YOU,
MARGARET.
I THINK I'LL MANAGE
BY MYSELF TODAY.
FINE.
TELL ME, DO THEY GIVE YOU
A CLOTHING ALLOWANCE?
OF COURSE.
IT CAN'T ALL GO ON
SCOTCH, EGGS, AND LAGER.
YOU'RE ABSOLUTELY RIGHT,
THIS TIE IS AWFUL.
UH, RIGHT. THAT'S NOT IT. I
SAY SOMETHING MEAN TO YOU,
YOU SAY SOMETHING MEAN TO
ME AND WE GO ON FROM THERE
UNTIL YOU CAN'T THINK OF
ANYTHING ELSE TO SAY.
THOSE ARE THE RULES.
PERHAPS I'VE HAD ENOUGH
OF PLAYING GAMES.
WHAT IS THAT
SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
I THINK YOU KNOW.
FREAK.
AND LIVE ON AIR.
GOOD EVENING.
AND RIGHT, LEFT.
IT'S LIKE PATTING YOUR HEAD
AND RUBBING YOUR TUMMY.
SEE, MY HEAD'S
GONE ALL WRONG NOW.
THEY SAY BELLY DANCING
IS GREAT EXERCISE.
WELL, I CAN'T VOUCH
FOR THAT BUT I CAN SAY
I'M COMPLETELY
EXHAUSTED.
FOUR, THREE, TWO, ONE...
THE THINGS I DO
FOR THIS SHOW.
WE'RE IN A WOMEN'S
INSTITUTE THERE,
PROVING THAT IT'S NOT
ALL ABOUT JAM MAKING.
NOW IF ANY OF YOU ARE
STILL WATCHING OUT THERE,
IT'S TIME FOR HERO.
YOU WERE TREMENDOUS, BY
THE WAY, THE WAY YOU MOVE.
WELL, THANK
YOU, BENEDICK.
THAT'S VERY
KIND OF YOU.
NO, REALLY. YOU SHOULDN'T
PUT YOURSELF DOWN.
YOU WERE WONDERFUL.
WAY BETTER THAN
THE OTHERS.
THAT'S MY
FEELING, ANYWAY.
HERO, THE WEATHER.
THANK YOU, BEATRICE.
NOW WE'VE HAD SOME
LOVELY PHOTOS SENT IN
OF THE SUNSET TONIGHT.
BUT IF YOU'RE THINKING ABOUT
GETTING YOUR BARBECUE OUT
THIS WEEKEND,
THEN I'D THINK AGAIN.
THAT'S RIGHT, THERE'S ONLY
ONE WORD FOR THE WEATHER
THIS WEEKEND AND THAT
WORD IS "VERY CHANGEABLE".
WE NEED TO TALK.
CAN IT WAIT UNTIL I'VE
GOT MY TROUSERS ON?
NO.
WE CAN'T GO
ON LIKE THIS.
I COMPLETELY AGREE.
YOU ARE DRIVING
ME CRAZY.
WELL, IF YOU'D LET ME
GET MY TROUSERS ON.
I'M SERIOUS, BENEDICK.
I'M SERIOUS TOO.
YOU'VE BEEN MAKING MY
LIFE AN ABSOLUTE MISERY.
I KNOW. BUT I'M SORRY.
IF I'D KNOWN HOW
YOU FELT, BEA.
DON'T CALL ME BEA. NOW WE
NEED TO SIT DOWN AND SEE IF
WE CAN COME TO SOME MUTUALLY
SATISFYING ARRANGEMENT.
ARRANGEMENT?
YES, AN ARRANGEMENT.
WELL, OKAY. I WOULDN'T
HAVE PUT IT QUITE AS
CLINICALLY AS THAT, BUT IF
YOU WANT TO FIX A DATE...
WHAT'S WRONG
WITH NOW?
NOW?
YES, RIGHT HERE.
LET'S DO IT RIGHT HERE.
OKAY.
BUT SHOULDN'T I BUY YOU
DINNER OR SOMETHING FIRST?
WHAT?
OR WE COULD GO
TO YOUR PLACE.
MY PLACE?
OR A HOTEL?
WHY DO YOU WANT
TO GO TO A HOTEL?
A NICE HOTEL.
NO, THERE ISN'T TIME. IT'S
HERO'S BLOODY HEN NIGHT.
I'M MOTHER HEN.
I'M GOING TO HELL
IN A STRETCH LIMO.
WELL, DON'T GO.
I'VE GOT TO GO. SOMEBODY'S
GOT TO CARRY ALL THE SEX TOYS.
LOOK, I'M GOING TO SEE YOU
THIS WEEKEND AT THE WEDDING,
SO WHY DON'T WE FIND TIME TO
TALK THINGS THROUGH THEN?
FINE.
SUITS YOU, BY THE WAY.
WHAT SUITS ME?
GOOD NIGHT, BENEDICK.
DON, YOU'RE
WORKING LATE?
JUST BITS AND
PIECES, YOU KNOW?
PARTY!
COMING!
HOW DO I LOOK?
LIKE AN ANGEL.
SEE YOU AT THE
CHURCH THEN.
SEE YOU AT
THE CHURCH.
BERGERAC,
BERGERAC, BERGERAC.
HELLO, HELLO.
OH, NO, MY FRIEND. DON'T
EVEN THINK ABOUT IT.
COVER ME.
DON'T DRINK TOO MUCH.
OH, I'LL STAY SOBER.
DON'T FLIRT.
I WOULDN'T DARE.
AND IF GUYS START
HASSLING YOU...
CLAUDE,
YOU'RE JEALOUS.
OF COURSE, FIANCEES ARE
SUPPOSED TO BE JEALOUS.
JEALOUS, NOT INSANE.
I CAN LOOK AFTER MYSELF.
JUST TRUST ME, OKAY?
WE ARE LEAVING
WITHOUT YOU.
ONE MINUTE!
JUST REMEMBER I LOVE YOU
- OH, VERY, VERY MUCH -
AND I CAN'T WAIT TO
BE MARRIED TO YOU.
WHAT'S THE FORECAST?
IT'S GOING TO BE
A BEAUTIFUL DAY.
SORRY TO INTERRUPT.
YOU FORGOT THIS.
DON, THANK YOU.
YOU SAVED MY LIFE.
I'VE GOTTA RUN.
SEE YA!
BE GOOD.
I'LL TRY!
PROBLEM?
♪
BENEDICK!
BENEDICK, ABSOLUTELY!
WHO'S BENEDICK, THAT
GUY ON YOUR SHOW?
OH, YEAH,
BENEDICK DEFINITELY.
WHAT IS IT ABOUT HIM,
DO YOU THINK?
SENSE OF HUMOR.
WHY DO PEOPLE ALWAYS SAY "SENSE
OF HUMOR" WHEN THEY MEAN SEX?
HE JUST HAS THIS AIR LIKE HE'D
KNOW HIS WAY AROUND, YOU KNOW?
ENTHUSIASTIC, A BIT
DIRTY, I LAUGH.
MAYBE IT'S THE WAY HE
STARES AT YOUR BREASTS
WHEN HE'S TALKING
TO YOU.
I DON'T MIND THAT.
WELL, I DON'T!
BEATRICE, YOUR TURN!
CAN'T WE PLAY
SOMETHING DIFFERENT?
CHESS OR SOMETHING.
COME ON, PLAY
THE GAME.
OTHERWISE YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO DRINK THE FORFEIT.
FINE, FINE.
NOW IF YOU'LL EXCUSE
ME, I JUST HAVE TO
MAKE A PHONE CALL
OR SOMETHING.
PHASE TWO?
LET'S DO IT!
WELL, I THINK IT'S
A CRYING SHAME.
HE LOVES HER SO MUCH.
CLAUDE SAYS IT'S ALL
HE EVER TALKS ABOUT.
IT'S THE WAY HE LOOKS AT HER
ON AIR THAT BREAKS MY HEART.
SUCH YEARNING. THERE'S
SO MUCH LOVE THERE.
SOMETIMES HE SAYS HE'S TALKING
TO HER AND IT'S ALL HE CAN DO
NOT TO JUST TAKE HOLD OF HER AND
KISS HER - HARD ON THE MOUTH.
SO WHY DOESN'T
HE JUST TELL HER?
THERE'S NO POINT. YOU
KNOW HOW PROUD SHE IS.
SUCH AN ATTRACTIVE
WOMAN, TOO.
YEAH, SHE IS NOW, BUT THAT WHOLE
KATHERINE HEPBURN ICE QUEEN ACT
WON'T BE LOOKING SO
CLEVER IN FIVE YEARS' TIME.
IF SHE'S NOT CAREFUL SHE'LL TURN
INTO ONE OF THOSE WOMEN WHO'S
IDEA OF A WILD NIGHT IS A REALLY
BIG TUB OF FROZEN YOGURT.
HAVE YOU NOTICED SHE'S GETTING
THESE LINES LIKE BRACKETS
AROUND HER MOUTH FROM
SNEERING ALL THE TIME?
WELL, IF SHE'S SO BLOODY SMART
WHY DOESN'T SHE TREAT HIM WITH
A BIT OF RESPECT INSTEAD OF
LOOKING DOWN HER NOSE AT HIM
ALL THE TIME, THE
STUCK-UP, RIGID OLD COW!
HAVING SAID ALL THAT,
I MUST EMPHASIZE
THAT I REALLY DO LIKE
HER TREMENDOUSLY.
ANYONE SMELL SMOKE?
OH, GOD, SHE'S NOT
IN HERE, IS SHE?
BEATRICE?
NO, I THINK SHE
WENT OUTSIDE.
BEATRICE? COME OUT, COME
OUT, WHEREVER YOU ARE.
OH, CHECK UNDER
THE CUBICLE DOOR.
LET'S GO, SHALL WE?
HE LOVES ME.
WELL, IT MAKES
SENSE I SUPPOSE.
MAYBE I HAVE BEEN A BIT
TOO HARSH ON HIM.
A BIT COLD MAYBE.
NO REASON I CAN'T
BE AT LEAST CIVIL.
AFTER ALL, PEOPLE CAN
CHANGE, CAN'T THEY?
IT IS POSSIBLE.
HERE, ALLOW ME.
NO, I CAN
MANAGE, REALLY.
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT?
YOU'VE CHANGED.
I MEAN, YOU SHAVED.
WHAT'S HAPPENED
TO YOUR HAIR?
JUST A DAB OF PRODUCT.
DO YOU APPROVE?
YEAH, YOU LOOK,
UM, BETTER.
WELL, GOOD.
ARE YOU TOGETHER?
NO.
NO, NO.
THIS IS
BEATRICE EVANS.
AND THIS IS
BENEDICK TAYLOR.
YES, I RECOGNIZE
THE GENTLEMAN...
FROM THE TELLY
WHEN I WAS A KID.
YOU USED TO DO THE BIT BETWEEN
THE SHOWS - THE MASCOT?
THE LITTLE TOY BUNNY.
BILLY. BILLY THE
BUNNY'S BIRTHDAY CLUB.
I'VE DONE OTHER STUFF
SINCE, YOU KNOW.
MORE SERIOUS
JOURNALISTIC...
AND IT'S NOT FUNNY.
I HAVE YOU IN
ADJOINING ROOMS.
ADJOINING ROOMS?
I CAN PUT YOU IN DIFFERENT
ROOMS IF YOU'D PREFER.
I DON'T MIND.
I DON'T THINK
IT'S NECESSARY.
THERE'S A LOCK,
ISN'T THERE?
I BELIEVE SO.
BYE THEN.
BYE.
OH!
SO, I'LL...
SORRY.
SO YOU, UM...
WHAT?
ARE YOU GOING
DOWN FOR DINNER?
NO, I THOUGHT I'D JUST
GET SOME ROOM SERVICE.
OH, OKAY. WHAT WERE
YOU GONNA SAY?
UM, OH I WAS
GONNA SAY...
SEE YOU IN
THE MORNING.
OH. OKAY. I'LL SEE
YOU IN THE MORNING.
BYE THEN.
BYE.
'NIGHT.
CLAUDE.
DON?
DON!
DON, DON, DON.
MY OLD MATE.
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
HOW ARE YOU?
I NEED TO HAVE
A QUICK WORD.
CAN WE GO
SOMEWHERE PRIVATE?
YEAH.
YOU'RE LYING!
IF YOU COULD JUST LET ME DOWN WE
COULD TALK THIS OVER PROPERLY.
THERE'S NOTHING TO TALK
ABOUT BECAUSE IT'S ALL LIES.
JUST ONE MINUTE?
YOU MUST HAVE SEEN
US TALKING, CLAUDE.
AT WORK, YOU'VE NEVER
NOTICED US TALKING?
SHE FEELS
SORRY FOR YOU.
SHE GAVE ME
THESE PHOTOS.
WE DON'T GET TO SEE EACH OTHER
VERY MUCH SO SHE GIVES ME THESE.
SHE'S WRITTEN ON
THE BACK, SEE?
SHE'S WEARING HER
SWIM SUIT IN THIS ONE.
VERY, VERY BEAUTIFUL
GIRL, DON'T YOU THINK?
HM, YOU STOLE THESE.
YOU MUST HAVE STOLEN
THESE AND FORGED THE WRITING.
TEXT MESSAGES - SENT
FROM HER PHONE.
THIS ONE'S ON
HER HEN NIGHT.
"I'LL BE HOME LATER. COME
AND SEE ME. I CAN'T WAIT".
IT IS A LOT TO
TAKE IN, I KNOW.
IT SURPRISED ME TOO,
TO BE HONEST.
I KNOW I'M NOT A VERY
ATTRACTIVE PERSON.
OR LOVABLE.
OR LIKABLE EVEN.
BUT HERO, SHE
SEES SOMETHING.
GOD KNOWS WHAT,
BUT SHE SEES IT.
I WANT YOU TO KNOW THAT SHE'S
ALWAYS BEEN VERY FOND OF YOU
AND IF YOU WANTED YOU COULD
PROBABLY STILL GET MARRIED.
COME WITH ME
NOW TO HER ROOM.
WATCH WHAT HAPPENS AND THEN
YOU CAN MAKE UP YOUR OWN MIND.
(KNOCKING)
WHO IS IT?
WELL, ME.
OH, UM, RIGHT.
UM, COME IN.
I'M JUST CLEANING MY TEETH
OVER HERE IN THE BATHROOM.
I'M SORRY, I'LL
COME BACK.
NO, NO.
ARE YOU SURE I'M
NOT DISTURBING YOU?
NO, NO, NOT AT ALL.
THERE'S SOMETHING
I WANTED TO ASK YOU.
THE SPEECH TOMORROW, YOU KNOW,
EVERYONE'S EXPECTING ALL KINDS
OF LADDIE HUMOR AND, YOU KNOW, I
JUST WANT TO CHALLENGE PEOPLES'
PREJUDICES AND READ A
SHAKESPEARE SONNET INSTEAD.
VERY ORIGINAL.
ISN'T IT? SO I FOUND
THIS POEM AND I WANT TO
MAKE ABSOLUTELY
SURE I UNDERSTAND IT
AND YOU'RE A LOT SMARTER
ABOUT THIS STUFF THAN ME.
GO ON.
SO I JUST WANTED
TO SAY A FEW TO YOU.
IS THAT OKAY?
OOH, A POETRY
RECITAL.
I KNOW. I'M A MASS
OF CONTRADICTIONS.
SO, UM, YOU HAVE TO
PROMISE NOT TO LAUGH.
CAN'T PROMISE THAT.
OKAY, HERE GOES...
IS THIS A DAGGER
I SEE BEFORE ME!
JOKE.
UM, THIS IS
THE ONE HERE.
SONNET 116.
"LET ME NOT...
"TO THE MARRIAGE OF TRUE
MINDS ADMIT IMPEDIMENTS".
GOD, YOU'RE CLEVER.
IT'S AN ECHO OF THE BIT IN
THE WEDDING CEREMONY.
IT MEANS HE, THE POET,
REFUSES TO ACCEPT ANY REASON
WHY TWO PEOPLE
WHO ARE...
COMPATIBLE?
SHOULDN'T
BE TOGETHER.
"LOVE IS NOT LOVE WHICH ALTERS
WHEN IT ALTERATION FINDS".
TRUE LOVE IS CONSTANT.
"OR BENDS WITH THE
REMOVER TO REMOVE".
AND YOU CAN'T STOP
LOVING SOMEBODY
JUST BECAUSE THEY
STOP LOVING YOU.
"O NO!"
MEANING O NO!
"IT IS AN EVER
FIXED MARK".
OR YOU COULD
SAY "FIX-ED".
THE RHYTHM, IT'S
IAMBIC. FIX-ED.
"FIX-ED MARK THAT LOOKS ON
TEMPESTS AND IS NEVER SHAKEN.
IT IS THE STAR TO
EVERY WANDERING BARK
WHO'S WORTH'S UNKNOWN
ALTHOUGH HIS HEIGHT BE TAKEN".
A BARK IS A SHIP. IT'S
A SEA-FARING METAPHOR.
NAVIGATION.
THIS THING - LOVE - IS AS
CONSTANT AS THE NORTHERN STAR.
IT'S ALWAYS THERE LOOKING OVER
YOU NO MATTER HOW LOST YOU ARE
OR HOW CONFUSING.
YOU LOOK AWKWARD
STANDING THERE.
DO YOU WANT
TO SIT HERE?
OH, YES. NOW THIS
NEXT BIT IS BEAUTIFUL.
"LOVE'S NOT TIME'S FOOL,
THOUGH ROSY LIPS AND CHEEKS
WITHIN HIS BENDING
SICKLE'S COMPASS COME".
MEANING THAT, UH, UM, EVEN
THOUGH WE, OR, OR PEOPLE
IN GENERAL, MIGHT
GET A BIT KNACKERED,
WE - OR THEY - WILL
STILL FANCY EACH OTHER.
PARAPHRASING,
OBVIOUSLY.
PARAPHRASING.
UM, "LOVE ALTERS NOT WITH
HIS BRIEF HOURS AND WEEKS,
BUT BEARS IT OUT EVEN
TO THE EDGE OF DOOM".
UM, TILL DEATH DO US PART,
THE WEDDING VOWS.
EXACTLY.
"IF THIS BE ERROR AND UPON
ME PROVED, I NEVER WRIT.
"NOR NO MAN EVER LOVED".
EXCEPT HE DID WRITE.
AND MEN HAVE FALLEN
IN LOVE BEFORE.
THEREFORE...
SHAKESPEARE
MUST BE RIGHT.
EXACTLY.
WE SHOULD
GO TO BED.
EXCEPT I'M
ALREADY IN BED.
SO YOU ARE.
YUP.
'NIGHT.
AND, YOU KNOW, SWEET
SORROW AND ALL THAT.
YES, GOOD NIGHT.
BENEDICK.
NICE POEM.
DON, IT'S VERY LATE.
I KNOW.
I REALLY NEED
TO GET SOME SLEEP.
I'M SORRY, IT'S JUST, UH,
I'VE HAD A BIT TO DRINK
AND WHAT WITH THE TALK ABOUT
THE WEDDING AND EVERYTHING
I GOT TO THINKING
ABOUT MY EX.
OH, DON.
I JUST NEED TO TALK TO
SOMEONE, JUST FOR A MINUTE.
SO THIS IS IT?
THE FAMOUS DRESS.
DO YOU THINK
IT'S TOO MUCH?
BEATRICE SAYS IT MAKES ME
LOOK LIKE A SNOWDRIFT.
SHE'S JUST JEALOUS.
YOU'RE GOING TO
LOOK BEAUTIFUL.
ISN'T IT BAD LUCK TO
SEE THE WEDDING DRESS
BEFORE THE BIG DAY?
ONLY IF YOU WERE
MARRYING ME.
(PHONE RINGING)
IT'S CLAUDE.
LET'S NOT TELL HIM
I'M HERE, EH?
DON'T WANT HIM TO
GET THE WRONG IDEA.
HELLO?
HELLO THERE.
CLAUDE, I THOUGHT
WE AGREED.
I KNOW, I JUST WANTED
TO HEAR YOUR VOICE.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
GETTING READY FOR BED.
ANYONE WITH YOU?
LIKE WHO?
I MEAN MARGARET OR
BEATRICE OR ANYONE?
NO, I'M BY MYSELF.
THINKING ABOUT YOU.
ARE YOU?
'COURSE I AM.
CLAUDE, ARE
YOU ALRIGHT?
I'M FINE.
YOU JUST SOUND
A LITTLE DISTANT.
YOU'RE NOT PHONING TO
SAY THE WEDDING'S OFF
OR ANYTHING LIKE
THAT, ARE YOU?
NO.
NO, I WAS JUST PHONING FOR THE
LATEST FORECAST ACTUALLY.
LET'S SEE - BRIGHT SUN
AND CLEAR SKIES TO START.
THEN CLOUDS
STARTING TO FORM.
PATCHY SHOWERS
LATER.
RAIN.
IT WON'T RAIN.
BEATRICE FORBIDS IT.
EVEN IF IT DOES, WE WON'T LET
ANYTHING SPOIL OUR DAY, WILL WE?
NO, 'COURSE NOT.
I'M VERY HAPPY, CLAUDE.
ME TOO. I'M VERY
HAPPY TOO.
TOMORROW THEN.
TOMORROW.
YOU'RE NOT GOING
LIKE THAT, ARE YOU?
BEAUTIFUL. JUST
SO... BEAUTIFUL.
WHERE WERE YOU LAST NIGHT,
LOVERBOY, KEEPING ME WAITING?
HOW DO YOU MEAN?
YOU KNOW HOW IT IS.
YOU'RE IN A NICE HOTEL,
HAVE A COUPLE OF DRINKS,
A WARM, FRAGRANT BATH,
YOUR MIND STARTS TO WANDER.
DO ME UP, WILL YOU? I'VE
COME UNDONE AGAIN.
OH.
I'M STARTING TO THINK YOU
DON'T LOVE ME ANYMORE.
IN FACT, I THINK YOUR
AFFECTIONS LIE ELSEWHERE.
OKAY, IF EVERYBODY COULD START
TAKING THEIR PLACES, PLEASE.
SORRY, THAT'S
MY JOB, ISN'T IT?
YES, IT IS.
UH, IF I COULD
JUST HAVE A...
JUST GIVE ME
ONE SECOND.
THEY'RE ON THEIR WAY.
MR. ARMITAGE, THERE'VE
BEEN A NUMBER OF STRANGE
OCCURRENCES AND WE'VE TAKEN THE
LIBERTY OF JOTTING THEM DOWN.
CAN THIS WAIT,
MR. BARRY?
I'M ABOUT TO GIVE
AWAY MY ONLY CHILD.
I UNDERSTAND, IT'S JUST
THAT MY DEPUTY VINCENT
WAS ON PATROL LAST NIGHT AND
HE OVERHEARD SOMETHING.
NOW VINCENT, TELL HIM
EXACTLY WHAT YOU TOLD ME.
SORRY, CAN YOU START TAKING YOUR
PLACES IN THE CHURCH, PLEASE.
JUST REMEMBER, IF
YOU WANT TO BAIL OUT,
GIVE ME THE WORD,
WE'LL MAKE A RUN FOR IT.
IS THIS HELPING YOU TO
RELAX IN ANY WAY AT ALL?
(MUSIC STARTS)
♪
SO BEAUTIFUL.
THANK YOU.
I'M SORRY.
DON'T BE DAFT.
WHAT FOR?
CLAUDE,
YOU'RE SHAKING.
DEAR FRIENDS, WE ARE
GATHERED HERE TODAY
BEFORE THE CONGREGATION
TO JOIN TOGETHER
THIS MAN AND WOMAN
IN HOLY MATRIMONY.
MARRIAGE IS A SOLEMN VOW
MADE IN THE SIGHT OF GOD.
THEREFORE, IF ANY PERSON
CAN SHOW ANY JUST CAUSE
OR IMPEDIMENT WHY THIS MAN AND
THIS WOMAN MAY NOT LAWFULLY BE
JOINED TOGETHER, LET HIM SPEAK
NOW OR FOREVER HOLD HIS PEACE.
I DO.
"I DO" COMES LATER.
SO WE'LL JUST PROCEED WITH
THE SERVICE, SHALL WE?
THEY'RE FINE. BAD
JOKE, CARRY ON.
I'M SORRY, BUT I DO
KNOW OF AN IMPEDIMENT.
CAN YOU THINK
OF ONE, HERO?
NO.
NOTHING AT ALL?
COME ON, THINK.
IT'S OBVIOUS, REALLY.
STOP THIS
PLEASE, CLAUDE.
HERE'S A CLUE.
HOW ABOUT LYING?
HOW ABOUT THE FACT SHE'S A
LYING, CHEATING, SCHEMING,
DECEITFUL BITCH!
WHAT DID YOU SAY?
YOU'RE HERE TO GIVE HER AWAY,
LEONARD, IS THAT RIGHT?
WELL, I DON'T WANT HER.
SHE'S ROTTEN GOODS.
HERE, YOU CAN
TAKE HER BACK.
LOOK AT HER! THE BLUSHING
BRIDE, ALL INNOCENT.
YOU'D NEVER GUESS
FROM THAT FACE
WHAT A DISHONEST LITTLE
TART SHE REALLY IS.
COME HERE YOU!
I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY
ARE YOU DOING THIS?
I KNOW THE
TRUTH, HERO!
I KNOW ABOUT
THE TWO OF YOU.
THE SECRET MEETINGS,
THE PICNICS ON THE BEACH,
THE MESSAGES,
THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
WHAT MESSAGES?
WHAT PHOTOGRAPHS?
I SAW HIM GO TO
YOUR ROOM, HERO.
I SAW YOU KISS HIM.
I SAW YOU PUT YOUR
ARMS AROUND HIM.
I WAS WAITING
OUTSIDE.
THE NIGHT BEFORE
YOUR WEDDING, HERO?
WHO? DON? ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT DON?
SORRY, HERO. I
HAD TO TELL HIM.
THAT DON?
WAS HE OR WASN'T HE IN
YOUR ROOM LAST NIGHT?
NO! I MEAN, YES, HE CAME TO
MY ROOM BUT JUST TO TALK.
I FELT SORRY FOR HIM.
FELT SORRY FOR HIM?
THAT'S A GOOD ONE!
AND HOW MAN OTHER MEN
HAVE YOU FELT SORRY FOR?
STOP THIS, CLAUDE.
YOU'RE BEING RIDICULOUS.
ALRIGHT, ONE MORE
QUESTION THEN.
ANSWER ME THIS.
HAVE YOU SLEPT
WITH HIM?
DENY IT. GO ON.
HERE, IN CHURCH.
PLEASE HERO. I WANT SO
MUCH FOR YOU TO DENY IT.
ANSWER HIM,
SWEETHEART.
I THOUGHT YOU
LOVED ME, CLAUDE.
IF YOU LOVED ME YOU
WOULDN'T DO THIS TO ME.
AND YOU'VE BROKEN
MY HEART, CLAUDE.
SHE DIDN'T DENY IT, LEONARD.
SHE DIDN'T DENY IT.
THEY'VE TAKEN HER
BACK TO THE HOTEL.
TRY AND CALM
HER DOWN.
I CAN'T BELIEVE I
WROTE A SPEECH.
GENERALLY SPEAKING I
THINK IT WENT PRETTY WELL.
YOU'RE CRYING.
YES. AND I INTEND TO
CRY A LITTLE LONGER.
I HATE
SEEING YOU CRY.
WELL, DON'T WORRY.
IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT.
NOT THIS
TIME ANYWAY.
YOU KNOW, THERE'S
NOTHING IN THIS WORLD
I LOVE AS
MUCH AS YOU.
ISN'T THAT STRANGE?
ALMOST AS STRANGE AS IF
I WERE TO SAY I LOVE YOU.
I'D BEEN LED TO
BELIEVE - TO HOPE -
THAT PERHAPS
THAT WAS THE CASE.
I LOVE YOU, BEATRICE.
THERE YOU GO.
I'VE NEVER SAID
THAT BEFORE.
WELL, IT MIGHT HAVE
SLIPPED OUT ONCE OR TWICE
IN THE HEAT OF
THE MOMENT.
BUT I NEVER THOUGHT
I'D SAY IT AND MEAN IT.
BEN.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH, BEATRICE,
THAT IF I CAN'T HAVE YOU
I THINK I'LL GO MAD.
THEN I'M SORRY,
BENEDICK.
WHAT ARE YOU SORRY
FOR, BEATRICE?
YOU'VE CAUGHT ME AT
A VERY UNHAPPY TIME.
I WAS ABOUT TO SAY
I LOVED YOU TOO.
WELL, SAY IT THEN.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH I
CAN HARDLY BREATHE.
BEATRICE, I'LL DO ANYTHING FOR
YOU - ANYTHING YOU ASK.
KILL CLAUDE.
EXCEPT FOR
THAT MAYBE?
WHY NOT? I FEEL
LIKE KILLING HIM.
I'M SURE HE HAD
HIS REASONS.
WHAT REASONS COULD
HE POSSIBLY HAVE FOR
HUMILIATING THE POOR GIRL
LIKE THAT ON HER WEDDING DAY?
WHAT KIND OF VICIOUS...
GET AWAY FROM ME!
ON HER WEDDING DAY!
AT THE ALTAR!
TO DO THAT TO THE
WOMAN YOU CLAIM TO LOVE...
I SWEAR IF I WAS A MAN
I WOULD EAT HIS HEART!
BUT WHY WOULD I WANT TO BE
A MAN? YOU'RE ALL THE SAME.
HERE HE STANDS SPEWING OUT THIS
FILTH, THIS POISON AT HERO WHO'S
NEVER HURT ANYONE IN HER ENTIRE
LIFE, AND WHAT DO YOU ALL DO?
YOU BRAVE, HONORABLE MEN,
YOU JUST STAND THERE...
USELESS, LISTENING TO
THIS SLANDER, THESE LIES!
DON'T YOU DARE WALK AWAY FROM
ME WHEN I'M SHOUTING AT YOU!
I LOVE YOU, BEATRICE.
AND I'M GOING TO MAKE
EVERYTHING ALL RIGHT.
AH, THERE YOU ARE.
I WONDER IF I
COULD HAVE A WORD.
I SWEAR, MR. BARRY, IF
YOU ASK TO SEE MY ID...
ACTUALLY, I THINK WE MIGHT HAVE
AN EXPLANATION FOR ALL THIS.
IT'LL ONLY
TAKE A MINUTE.
OH!
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, LET'S
HEAR IT FOR THE BEST MAN.
CLAUDE,
YOU'RE DRUNK.
I BLOODY HOPE SO.
THE BOSS IS PAYING - OR
SHOULD I SAY, EX-BOSS.
IF YOU'RE HUNGRY, 250
PORTIONS OF SALMON...
I NEED TO TALK
WITH YOU. ALONE.
FINE. I KNOW WHEN
I'M NOT WANTED.
GOOD. YOU'RE NOT
WANTED, SO GO.
NO, DON, YOU
STAY HERE. DON?
WHOA, WHAT YOU
GONNA DO, HIT ME?
I AM TRYING
HARD NOT TO.
CLAUDE, YOU KNOW YOU'VE DONE
SOMETHING TERRIBLE, DON'T YOU?
WELL, SEE, THAT, MY FRIEND,
IS A MATTER OF OPINION.
YOU'RE NOT MY FRIEND AND
IT'S NOT A MATTER OF OPINION.
HE'S TRICKED YOU, CLAUDE.
HE'S MADE YOU LOOK A FOOL.
WHO, DON?
I DON'T THINK SO.
I'VE SEEN THE PROOF.
WHAT PROOF, CLAUDE?
THE PHOTOS.
HE STOLE THEM
FROM HERO'S ROOM.
MR. BARRY HERE
SAW HIM.
THAT'S RIGHT. THE
NIGHT OF THE PARTY.
AND TEXT MESSAGES.
HE USED HER PHONE.
HE'S BEEN BORROWING HER PHONE
AND TEXTING HIS OWN NUMBER!
WHAT ABOUT ON HER HEN NIGHT,
HOW DID HE GET HER PHONE THEN?
HE HAD HER
BAG, REMEMBER?
HE GAVE IT TO HER IN THE
CORRIDOR. I SAW HIM.
YOU WERE THERE.
NO, NO, THIS
IS RIDICULOUS.
I SAW HIM GO TO HER ROOM
LAST NIGHT. I WAS THERE.
IN HER ROOM?
NO, OUTSIDE,
BUT... I SAW...
YOU SAW WHAT YOU
WANTED TO SEE, CLAUDE.
YOU SAW WHAT HE
TOLD YOU TO SEE.
WHY WOULD HE
DO ALL THIS?
JUST SO YOU KNOW, BEATRICE
IS BRINGING HER DOWN NOW.
HERO, OH, I'VE GOT
TO TALK TO HER.
NOT NOW, CLAUDE.
I NEED TO
SPEAK TO HER.
NOT NOW.
NO, I NEED TO
SPEAK TO HER!
LET GO OF ME!
YOU.
I WANT TO TALK
TO YOU, DON.
HERO, I THINK I
MIGHT HAVE MADE A...
NOT NOW, CLAUDE.
I NEED TO SAY...
I THINK YOU'VE SAID QUITE
ENOUGH ALREADY, DON'T YOU?
HE SHOWED ME PHOTOS...
I SAID SHUT UP!
IT'S HIM I WANT
TO TALK TO.
ONE QUESTION.
TELL ME WHY, DON, BECAUSE
I NEED TO UNDERSTAND.
WASN'T I KIND TO YOU?
AFFECTIONATE? A GOOD FRIEND?
DIDN'T I LISTEN TO YOU TALK
ON AND ON INTO THE NIGHT?
AND DIDN'T I TELL YOU THE
WAY I FELT ABOUT YOU?
WASN'T I HONEST?
SO TELL ME, WHY WOULD
YOU DO THIS TO ME, DON?
BECAUSE I LOVE YOU.
AND YOU
HUMILIATED ME.
AND I WANTED YOU TO KNOW
WHAT THAT FELT LIKE.
HERO, NO!
I HATE YOU! I HATE YOU!
SWEETHEART!
ARE YOU ALRIGHT?
OH!
GIVE HER SOME AIR.
I'M SORRY, I'M SORRY,
I'M SO SORRY!
CALL AN AMBULANCE.
HEY.
I GOT YOU THIS.
WHAT IS IT?
COFFEE.
MAYBE SOUP.
THANKS, I
THINK I'LL PASS.
POOR OLD LEONARD.
WHAT DO WE DO NOW?
WAIT AND SEE WHAT
THE TESTS SAY.
IT'S NOT GOOD, I'M AFRAID.
SHE'S STILL NOT CONSCIOUS.
THEY'LL DO MORE TESTS
IN THE MORNING.
AND MAYBE OPERATE.
ALL WE CAN DO NOW IS
GO HOME AND SLEEP.
THANKS PETE.
LET ME TAKE
YOU HOME.
I'M SORRY, BEN.
WHAT FOR?
WE HAVE SOMETHING TO
TALK ABOUT, DON'T WE?
AND NOW DOESN'T REALLY
SEEM LIKE THE RIGHT TIME.
IT CAN WAIT.
SO, HERE WE ARE.
I'M SORRY.
I THOUGHT WHEN I SAW YOU IT
WOULD ALL COME FLOODING OUT,
YOU KNOW? SOME SPECIAL
COMBINATION OF WORDS
TO TELL YOU HOW
SORRY I AM.
AND HOW MUCH
I LOVE YOU.
AND MISS YOU.
BUT THEY'RE NOT MY
STRONG POINT, ARE THEY?
WORDS.
THEY WON'T DO WHAT
I WANT THEM TO.
SO I'LL JUST HAVE TO SAY THAT
I WOULD HAPPILY GIVE MY LIFE
RIGHT NOW IF YOU'LL JUST OPEN
YOUR EYES AND SAY SOMETHING.
ANYTHING - EVEN IF IT'S TO
SAY THAT YOU HATE ME.
BECAUSE IF YOU DON'T,
HERO, I REALLY DON'T KNOW
WHAT I'M GONNA DO.
SORRY, BUT I'M GOING TO
HAVE TO ASK YOU TO LEAVE.
IMMEDIATELY, PLEASE.
I'M SORRY.
(BEEPING SOUND)
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
NO! HERO!
YOU CAN'T
COME IN HERE.
I NEED TO SEE HER!
CLAUDE! WHO ARE
ALL THESE PEOPLE?
EXCUSE ME, IS THERE
ANYONE SITTING HERE?
WELL, ACTUALLY, I'M
WAITING FOR A FRIEND.
WILL HE MIND IF I SIT
DOWN WHILE YOU WAIT?
SO, AM I LATE?
ONLY ABOUT
THREE YEARS.
I'VE BEEN OFFERED
A JOB IN LONDON.
IT'S JUST A PRODUCTION
JOB TO BEGIN WITH.
MAYBE GET ON
SCREEN SOON.
ARE YOU GOING
TO TAKE IT?
I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S A BIG STEP,
MOVING AWAY.
I THINK YOU
SHOULD GO.
CLAUDE, IF YOU'RE
EXPECTING ME TO FORGIVE YOU
YOU'RE WASTING
YOUR TIME.
BUT I ONLY DID IT
BECAUSE I LOVED YOU.
FUNNY, THAT'S
WHAT DON SAID.
I'M SO BORED OF PEOPLE
USING LOVE AS AN EXCUSE.
THAT'S NOT LOVE ANYWAY,
THAT'S JUST POSSESSION,
AND I'M BORED OF BEING
OWNED TOO, BY YOU, BY MY DAD.
I'M JUST GOING TO LOOK
AFTER MYSELF FOR A WHILE.
THINK THINGS THROUGH.
WHEN YOU'VE HAD SOME TIME,
MAYBE YOU WOULD THINK ABOUT
CARRYING ON
WHERE WE LEFT OFF?
WHAT, GET MARRIED?
TO YOU?
NEVER IN A
MILLION YEARS.
OKAY, MAYBE NOT IN
THE SHORT TERM, BUT...
SOME TIME IN THE
FUTURE PERHAPS?
JUST SAY I CAN HOPE,
HERO, PLEASE?
PLEASE?
"LET ME NOT TO THE MARRIAGE
OF TRUE MINDS ADMIT TO, UH.
LET ME NOT TO THE MARRIAGE OF
TRUE MINDS ADMIT IMPEDIMENTS.
HEY, COME ON!
EVERYONE'S WAITING.
HERE, YOU LOOK GOOD.
ALL RIGHT?
YEAH.
NOSTRIL HAIR?
NO, IT'S FINE.
HAVE YOU ANY IDEA WHAT
CONFETTI ACTUALLY COSTS?
I SWEAR IT'D BE CHEAPER
TO THROW CASH.
LOOK AT THESE FLOWERS.
YOU SEE THEM FOR,
WHAT, 20 MINUTES?
THEN CHUCK 'EM OUT.
SOMEWHERE OUT THERE RIGHT
NOW THERE'S A FLORIST
AND A CATERER HAVING
A BLOODY GOOD LAUGH.
SHUT UP, WILL YOU? YOU'RE
MAKING ME NERVOUS.
(MUSIC STARTS)
WRONG SIDE.
HM? SORRY.
♪
REMIND ME, WHAT ARE
WE DOING HERE?
I HAVE ABSOLUTELY
NO IDEA.
♪ LOVE IS LIKE
CANDY ON A SHELF ♪
♪ YOU WANT TO TASTE
AND HELP YOURSELF ♪
♪ THE SWEETEST THINGS
ARE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ HELP YOURSELF,
TAKE A FEW ♪
♪ THAT'S WHAT I
WANT YOU TO DO ♪
♪ JUST HELP YOURSELF
TO MY LIPS, TO MY ARMS ♪
♪ JUST SAY THE WORD
AND THEY'RE YOURS ♪
♪ JUST HELP YOURSELF TO
THE LOVE IN MY HEART ♪
♪ YOUR SMILE HAS
OPENED UP THE DOOR ♪
♪ THE GREATEST WEALTH
THAT EXISTS IN THE WORLD ♪
♪ COULD NEVER BUY
WHAT I CAN GIVE ♪
♪ JUST HELP YOURSELF
TO MY LIPS, TO MY ARMS, ♪
♪ AND THEN LET'S
REALLY START TO LIVE. ♪